docs: update texts in getting-started.md (#442)
sequelize/website: versioned_docs/version-6.x.x/getting-started.md

});
```

The Sequelize constructor accepts many options which are documented in the [API Reference](pathname:///api/v6/class/src/sequelize.js~Sequelize.html#instance-constructor-constructor).

:::note

In the example above, `Sequelize` refers to the library itself while `sequelize` refers to an instance of Sequelize, which represents a connection to one database. This convention will be followed throughout the documentation.

:::

### Testing the connection

> To test if the connection is OK, use the `.authenticate()` function:

Reviewer: For this specific sentence, I prefer the old version because the use of "can" helps indicate that this is completely optional

Author: ```suggestion
To test if the connection is OK, you can use the `.authenticate()` function:
```

Reviewer: Yep, perfect :)

To experiment with the other dialects, which are harder to setup locally, you can use the [Sequelize SSCCE](https://github.com/papb/sequelize-sscce) GitHub repository, which allows you to run code on all supported dialects directly from GitHub, for free, without any setup!

## New versus existing databases

If the database of your new project is still empty, use Sequelize from the beginning to automate the creation of every table in your database. Sequelize can also connect to a database that is already filled with tables and data. You will learn more in the concepts section and other parts of the documentation.

## Logging

> By default, Sequelize will log every SQL query to console. To customize this behavior, use the `options.logging` option (defaults to `console.log`) and define the function that gets executed every time Sequelize would log something. By default, only the first log parameter of log function call is displayed. For example, for query logging the first parameter is the raw query and the second is the Sequelize object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Sequelize will log every SQL query to console. To customize this behavior, use the `logging` option (defaults to `console.log`) and define the function that gets executed every time Sequelize would log something. By default, only the first log parameter of log function call is displayed. For example, for query logging the first parameter is the raw query and the second is the Sequelize object.
```

> By default, Sequelize will log every SQL query to console. To customize this behavior, use the `options.logging` option (defaults to `console.log`) and define the function that gets executed every time Sequelize would log something. By default, only the first log parameter of log function call is displayed. For example, for query logging the first parameter is the raw query and the second is the Sequelize object.

Reviewer: I know you did not write that part but I don't really understand what the following means:

> By default, only the first log parameter of log function call is displayed. For example, for query logging the first parameter is the raw query and the second is the Sequelize object.

> Common useful values for `options.logging`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common useful values for `logging`:
```

To experiment with the other dialects, which are harder to setup locally, you can use the [Sequelize SSCCE](https://github.com/papb/sequelize-sscce) GitHub repository, which allows you to run code on all supported dialects directly from GitHub, for free, without any setup!

## New versus existing databases

If the database of your new project is still empty, use Sequelize from the beginning to automate the creation of every table in your database. Sequelize can also connect to a database that is already filled with tables and data. You will learn more in the concepts section and other parts of the documentation.

## Logging

By default, Sequelize will log every SQL query to the console. To customize this behavior, define a different function in the `logging` option, which defaults to `console.log`.

> By using a different value for `logging` as follows, you can either return only the first or all function call parameters, e.g. the query and the Sequelize object:

Author: ```suggestion
By using a different value for `logging` as follows, you can either return only the first or all function call parameters, e.g. only the query or additionally the Sequelize object:
```

> By default, Sequelize will log every SQL query to console. To customize this behavior, use the `logging` option (defaults to `console.log`) and define the function that gets executed every time Sequelize would log something. By default, only the first log parameter of log function call is displayed. For example, for query logging the first parameter is the raw query and the second is the Sequelize object.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, Sequelize will log every SQL query to the console. To customize this behavior, use the `logging` option (defaults to `console.log`) and define the function that gets executed every time Sequelize would log something. For example, query logging shows the raw query and the Sequelize object (hidden by default).
```

@ephys like this? I think we can remove the sentence. Not sure why query logging was used as an example here. See my other update below.

> Common useful values for `logging`:

Author: ```suggestion
Using different `logging` values, you can either return all or only the first parameter of a log function call:
```
